The last week was crazy
exciting week because it was e3 2015
many games were announced
many other games were shown and
I was with my colleagues
from playing tips and even mona on the
fair about the games directly yourself
try
according to the last week want
Of course we still have our highlights
let pass and you can see that
now the three of 2015 was the hammer of it
There were so many cool games too
well-known names have convinced black
ops assassin's creed and what is there
everything was still my personal
highlight if I now of these
big name, what is it?
that it's so fast that that has me
totally reminiscent of quake and I am pleased
me on the shotgun and the chainsaw
That may be a bit boring
but my biggest highlight was
probably the announcement of
final fantasy 7
I am pleased to be believed, we 15
years on a remake and now happens
is finally i have no idea how he is
that wants to do that
a game that was 15 118 20 years ago
seemed to make pretty pretty and
still playable for today's standards
do
no idea how that should work
but I trust the guys because of that
Know exactly how valuable this ip is
and if you pack that
then i think i will have a little
problem with the fans my personal
Highlight was horizon because that was a
I do not play with it at all
I have stopped at the fair
somehow got into this pk and
suddenly against the trailer going around
At the beginning I thought so was
It certainly will not be so
mine and then suddenly this came
Robot just out of nowhere
out yes I thought it was pretty cool because
the mixture simply from these two
worlds this science fiction thing but
not that typical science fiction
but with nature elements mix totally
class looks like the gamecom of
guerrilla games and that's why you can
actually rely on it
that the gameplay is good, everything we do
until now seen in the trailer looks
very promising from the developer
has promised me locally that it
give a lot of roleplaying elements
should there be synonymous dialogues
which involve moral decisions
All this sounds like something constructive
I like it very much and then
There was still a little game there
I also have to do that again
to the heart
And that is broken that the
developer said that was so
ajar all day and it has too
played like this
boss fight with each crowd and with
a very sugar sweet graphic that
you should also have a look if
It's my biggest surprise outside
The fair was personally bound
so I did not expect because
the first trailer totally looked like one
mobile out so something that does me though
but many people do not like it
I was a little scared that
whole into a pure multiplayer thing
and then maybe not
could be cool
However, we have at the fair
learn that it is also a singleplayer
Mode gives or a campaign
which can be played through in the head
the whole thing felt with all the heroes
which I could totally try
fluid to totally fun and ultimately
somehow very strong after one
Borderlands what me as old
Of course borderlands fan crazy
pleased
for all these reasons and of course
also because of the comic stick lux and the
All the heroes are the ones
replay value just very very strong
I will be extremely excited about lifting
Battle Bonn and more than that
I thought at the beginning
Another game that I like to do
would call short that would be so for me
a kind of otto robo people fallout
shelter has me totally personal
alone excited this announcement of
geese that you willingly to the fair
go fallout 4 show what by the way synonymous
looks great then hey say it
is also loud scheller and that is
all very cute and totally great
designed really liquid beautiful
little games for ios and then say
here on stage, just do it
but sometimes with on your iphone
and download it now
that inspired me because something like that
I always like it when you are
really can get started right away and
just because it's all people
played in the snakes at the fair
it is already for me
thus under the game of the fair that
second highlight is not that big
but at least as cute
actually much lower I speak
from a level
probably the gdl wants to play with this game
from the own image something polish up
because she is something different than this
Great games but I believe it
works because it's insane how
far away from the announcement, I still thought
Well, let's see that will be a bit
calculated it we have such a
Sweet mennicken and it's outside in
the nature and cuddly but damn that
the game is really working
great is a really clever bus
has company with a great look with
a team of water really damn much
heart blood and I believe it
It's great that was ours
highlights and concludes
Of course the big question was what was
now your highlight what has you on
best which player by am
best liked which announcement gives
it may also be a game for you
That would totally disappoint us
Everybody is interested in writing it
below in the comments
and if you are not sure anymore
Look what was shown
past on giga de / 3
for since you can now again all
news all trailer all previews everything
catch up with what appeared in the e3 week
is a lot of fun